ladies and gentlemen on behalf of the
management of this theater I want to
announce the next attraction
the unfinished love story I refer to
Saratoga starring Clark Gable and Jean
Harlow the picture which the theater
goers of the world have insisted through
letters telegrams and petitions be
finished
saratoga the motion picture everyone is
talking about the romance everyone is
waiting to see the spectacular
production thousands of theater goers
demanded that the studio complete and
release with Jean Harlow has been
finished through ingenious camerawork by
metro-goldwyn-mayer seis photographers
and the determination of the producers
to make this miss Harlow's last picture
her finest a great production awaits
your approval Saratoga is by Anita Luce
celebrated author of San Francisco and
it takes you on a fascinating journey to
Saratoga Miami Hialeah to Santa Anita
and New York here is entertainment that
scales the peace Saratoga is the one
picture of the new season that not one
of you will want to miss